---
title: Documentation Notice
layout: release
github: false
---

The information and software described in this document are furnished only under a separate agreement and may only be used or copied according to the terms of such agreement. It is against the law to copy the software except as specifically allowed in such agreement. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting the rights under copyright law, no part of this document may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the express written permission of Hyland Software, Inc. and/or one of its affiliates.

Hyland, OnBase, Alfresco, Nuxeo, Content Innovation Cloud, and other product or brand names are registered and/or unregistered trademarks of Hyland Software, Inc. and its affiliates in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, trade names and products of other companies are the property of their respective owners.

© 2026 Hyland.

The information in this document may contain technology as defined by the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and could be subject to the Export Control Laws of the U.S. Government including for the EAR and trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control as well as the export controls laws of your entity’s local jurisdiction. Transfer of such technology by any means to a foreign person, whether in the United States or abroad, could require export licensing or other approval from the U.S. Government and the export authority of your entity’s jurisdiction. You are responsible for ensuring that you have any required approvals prior to export.

DISCLAIMER: This documentation contains available instructions for a specific Hyland product or module. This documentation is not specific to a particular customer or industry. All data, names, and formats used in this document’s examples are fictitious unless noted otherwise. This document may reference websites operated by third parties. In such a case, Hyland has no control or liability for the content of such third-party websites. The inclusion of such a link shall not constitute an endorsement or affiliation with such a third-party website; the reference is provided for information purposes only. If you have questions about discrepancies in this document, please contact Hyland. Hyland customers are responsible for making their own independent assessment of the information in this documentation. This documentation: (a) is for informational purposes only, (b) is subject to change without notice, (c) is confidential information of Hyland Software, Inc. and its affiliates, and (d) does not create any commitments or assurances by Hyland. This documentation is provided “as is” without representation or warranty of any kind. Hyland expressly disclaims all implied, express, or statutory warranties. Hyland’s responsibilities and liabilities to its customers are controlled by the applicable Hyland agreement. This documentation does not modify any agreement between Hyland and its customers.
